so hey here's how I wrapped us with dr.
kielbasa well this is one one way of
practicing with dr. Campos dr.
composites for those who don't know my
app for iphone ipad itouch that um it's
a flamingo metro so you can you know
play a bunch of different flying co
rhythms and it improvises the rhythm it
means it doesn't play the same pattern
over and over again it mixes things up
kind of the way people playing palmas in
cottonwood and it's got Palmas and car
home sounds but that's it you know that
is that's all really we need to practice
with and you can adjust the tempo of
course without degrading the audio
quality and you can go really really
slow if you needed to or really really
fast if you needed to so tempo is
completely adjustable if you didn't want
it to improvise you can turn the
improvised function off it'll just keep
a simple basic kompas pattern to
practice with and some people have said
well you know you can't hear it very
well with the iphone speaker yeah i mean
it's a phone so the phone the speaker
excuse me in the iphone isn't very loud
to you have to either use an earphone or
what I use is this little battery
powered speaker pretty cheap like 20
bucks sounds really good you can take it
with you if it fits in your guitar case
or whatever um and so what it's a
memorex little speaker as the cable with
the thing integrated you plug that in
and you select the follow
we'll select a Lydia's and I'm gonna
leave the improvised function on I like
it it makes it kind of fun to practice
too and the tempo defaults to 170 which
is kind of fast but you know you can
slow it down if you need to i'm going to
go ahead and just hit it and see what
happens I got to turn the speaker on
all right here we go
by travelpod member
dr. Cole fire before the App Store
pretty cool we'll have a version for pc
mac and android team